Create docs. (#560)
yiisoft/db: README.md

<p align="center" style="text-align: center">
    <a href="https://github.com/yiisoft" target="_blank">
        <img src="https://yiisoft.github.io/docs/images/yii_logo.svg" height="100px" alt="YiiFramework">
    </a>
    <h1 align="center">Yii DataBase Library</h1>
</p>

Yii is an open-source PHP framework for developing web applications. Yii Database Library is a database extension for the [Yii Framework] that provides a set of database utilities and a database-agnostic, [ActiveRecord] implementation for working with databases in Yii applications.

> The package contains a number of classes that can be used to connect to and query different types of databases, such as [MariaDB], [MSSQL], [MySQL], [Oracle], [PostgresSQL], and [SQLite]. It also provides an [ActiveRecord] implementation that allows you to interact with database tables using objects, similar to the way you would use ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) frameworks like Doctrine or Hibernate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package contains a number of classes that can be used to connect to and query different types of databases, such as [MariaDB], [MSSQL], [MySQL], [Oracle], [PostgreSQL], and [SQLite]. It also provides an [ActiveRecord] implementation that allows you to interact with database tables using objects, similar to the way you would use ORM (Object-Relational Mapping) frameworks like Doctrine or Hibernate.
```

[![static analysis](https://github.com/yiisoft/db/actions/workflows/static.yml/badge.svg?branch=dev)](https://github.com/yiisoft/db/actions/workflows/static.yml)
[![type-coverage](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/db/coverage.svg)](https://shepherd.dev/github/yiisoft/db)

## Usage 

> For use read the [docs](/docs/en/getting-started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Check the documentation docs](/docs/en/getting-started.md) to learn about usage.
```

I'd leave some basics here with really cool syntax or something to have a good overview for first-time user.
